fix error handler call (#122)
fastify/fastify-rate-limit: README.md

})
```

> In case a client reaches the maximum number of allowed requests, an error will be send to the user with the status code setted to `429`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case a client reaches the maximum number of allowed requests, an error will be sent to the user with the status code set to `429`:
```
